12/01/2023
-----------
1. Slept for the whole morning, and had some dreams which caused me to
think about how brain works. In my dream I was in my hometown and I
met some people who were going to fish somewhere. I proposed to join
them. They welcomed me and asked me to buy a big umbrella for them to
shelter the sun while fishing. I happily agreed. When I woke up, I
felt this was such a 'true' story that would happen in my hometown,
though it never happened in my real life. These people in my hometown
never knew how to fish. I had this dream simply because I have been
thinking about going fishing these days (In reality I never had time,
since I have been tied to the robotics assignment and other
projects). But it is very real since I knew the action of asking for
buying an umbrella is truly what they would do if I request to go
fishing with them. So I inferred that my brain knows the
characteristics of these people, and thus in a dreaming scene the
story has some fundamental logic. My experience is, many stories that
happen in dream are quite reasonable, except math problems. When I
dreamed that I solved some math problems in dream, it always turned 
out that these 'solutions' were way too wrong. Anyway, the conclusion
is our brain has the functionality of summarizing features, and it can
construct stories based on these features. So, learning the
fundamental rules/features is intelligence.

2. Spent several hours to get assignment 2 code working. The
instructions given are really not clear. Anyway, I just have to write
the report tomorrow.

3. Titon's creation to hold the door lock was not welcomed by some
people in my lab (and sanjib). I feel these people are just too
conservative to accept new creations. Sad.
