02/10
======
1. I encountered something quite unpleasant. On Tuesday I went to the
public health department to give two Google Pixel watches to Professor
Weaver. The watches were installed with the latest Slogger v1.5 for
collecting accel/gyro/heartrate data from users who wear the watches.

Usually, I go to the public health department to meet with Prof
Weaver's group on Thursdays. But this time, Prof Weaver instructed me
that he wants these watches before Thursday so that he can send them
to some fellows at the Iowa State University.

I worked my ass off during the weekend and on Monday to get the Slogger
v1.5 developed. I was happy that I finished the development work
before Thursday.

When I arrived at Prof Weaver's office, he was not there. I then went
to find Sambit, who was the data analysis person for the
group. Unfortunately, Smabit was not there, either.  I wanted to give
the watches to someone who can pass to Prof Weaver later. I didn't
want to leave the watches on Sambit's desk because these watches are
pretty new and they are going to be sent to Iowa. If I just leave them
on Sambit's desk, what if someone take them away? That is not likely
to happen but i don't want to take the risk.

I then went on to talk to other people who are part of the group. I
had some conversation with Jamal before so I decided to talk him and
see whether I can give the watches to him. I went to Jamal's office
and he was eating lunch. I felt sorry to disturb him but I told him
that I came to drop two new watches to Prof Weaver and these two
watches were going to be sent to Iowa. It turned out Jamal was not
aware of either the newest pixel watches or anything about Iowa. I
sensed that he didn't want to take the two watches, otherwise he would
offer that. I then realized that I have a Fitbit watch and a Phone
which I need to give to Sambit, and Jamal is working with the Fitbit
devices, so I told him that I will hand over the Fitbit devices and
the phone to him. He agreed. I left his office and move to the next
person, Olivia, who was one of Prof Weaver's favoriate PhD students
(in my opinion). 

Olivia told me that Prof Weaver's absence was probably because that he
was teaching a class at that time. I told her the same thing that I
need to drop two watches to Prof Weaver. She didn't offer to pass these
watches to Prof Weaver, either. I am fine with that. She was busy.

I then realized that these watches were given to me by Michal. I don't
know her role in the group well, but she seems to be the person who
does all book keeping work for hardware devices. I then went to
Michal's office to talk to her, hoping that I can drop the watches to
her and later she can pass them over to Prof Weaver.

Michal was in laughter with two other ladies at the door of her
office. I standed besides to let them finish, and then she talked to
me: "Hey David, what's up?"
Me: "I am coming to drop two Pixel watches to Glenn, but he is not in
the office. Can I just drop them here and later you pass them to
Glenn? He wants me to bring in these two watches. As far as I know, he
plans to send them to Iowa."
Michal: "Go to give them to Jamal, because Jamal is the person who is
responsible for wearables."
Me: "Sure."

I was glad that finally I found someone to take these two watches.

So I entered Jamal's office again. He was a bit surprised that I came
back again. I told him that Michal asked me to give the two watches to
him. He was in awe: "She said to give them to me?" "Yes, she said you
are the person who is responsible for wearables."

I smelled a bit unpleasant atmosphere there. He was still on his food
and I interrupted his lunch again. But anyway I have to give the two
watches to someone. I thought I would just quickly drop the watches
and go. At the moment, Michal came in.


Michal asked me to show them how to operate the pixel watches. I
didn't expect that but I thought that's pretty easy and I started to show
them how to start the watch. Michal started to take video using her
phone so that later they can follow the video in case they forget
something.

So I am standing there operating the watch while talking about the
steps. Jamal standed beside me to watch. Michal stand in front of me
to take the video.

The watch poped up a screen to ask for the screen lock password. I
said the password was 2357, and entered the password. Jamal seems
didn't get the password clearly, he then asked "What is it?"

"It's the 4 prime numbers within 10." I responded, hoping that this
will be an easier way for them to remember the password.

Jamal suddenly act like he was exploded by my response. He backed off
one step and raised his left hand and said in a emotinal manner: "No,
no, no. That's not what we do here!"

I was in awe to see Jamal's reaction. At that moment, the air seems
to be freezed. I am not sure about Michal's reaction, but I hope her
phone recorded everything.

I then realized that Jamal might not like my way of using prime
numbers to help remember the password. I then said to him, "You can
write it down." "You can just write it down." I repeated again.

Jamal didn't say anything. Michal watched both of us with a bit
embarassed smile on her face.

I then said "I can also show you how to change the password to
whatever number you like". Then I proceeded to show them how to change
the password.

I showed both of them other steps as well. Then Prof Weaver showed
up. I talked to him briefly and left.  

In the night, I texted this to Srihari saying that someone seemed
considered it as an insult when I said the password 2357 are prime
numbers within 10. The next day, Srihari told me that Jamal reported
to Prof Weaver that I was condescending him while I was showing him
how to operate the watch. 

2. I had an idea of making a tool to help generate asy code to draw
animals or other non-geometric shapes. Basically, this tool is a
graphical tool where we can draw arcs or curves, and use these curves
to connect together to form whatever animals we want. This tool will
then generate corresponding asy code for the artwork we draw. Once we
draw the artwork, and generate the asy code, the tool can also use the
asy code to generate artwork in pdf, and we compare the drawing with
the pdf generated by asy code. If we feel they are acceptable, then
the work is done.

3. I had more thoughts on developing the above tool. For example, if
we have 3 points on a plane, we have two ways to connect them into a
curve: a) consider them as the 3 points on an arc of a circle; b)
consider them as part of a cubic spine curve. The tool only supports
these two kinds of curves, and that should be good enough to draw any
artwork. Certainly, the tool should also support a line defined by two
points. So totally three fundamental elements: line, cubic spine
curve, and arc (defined by 3 points).


02/05/2024
======
1. Last night I found that the GPS serial communication on Raspberry
Pi 4 is different than that of Raspberry Pi 3. First, we need to use
raspi-config to disable the login via serial; Second, we have to add
'dtoverlay=disable-bt' to disable bluetooth. Then the GPS signal will
be avaiable through /dev/ttyAMA0, which is linked to /dev/serial0. Our
code or gpsd should all get data from /dev/serial0.

2. Today I setup the GPS/GPSD/chrony on the Top, and setup the ad-hoc
network on the Top. The fish can connect to the ad-hoc network upon
successful booting. The Top adjust the system time using the GPS time
about 2 minutes after succesful booting (make sure GPS has fix).

3. Tomorrow I will 1) setup the chrony on the Fish to sync with the
Top via the ad-hoc network. So the Fish would have correct system time
before it goes to the water; 2) do air test to investigate how long
the sync packet timestamp will be lagging behind the correct system
time.

4. Try to setup a script to launch all ros nodes upon (re)booting.


02/08/2024
======
1. It turned out the Slogger v1.5 has a bug: the timer was not working
when the watch went into sleep mode. I have restructred the code to
use AlarmManager + ForegroundService to make it work. And this should
be the right way to do it. So, developing an App to collect sensor
data in background is not easy. But the experience is good
through. Note that the AlarmReceivers should be specified in the
manifest.xml file, otherwise the receiver won't receive any alarms.

2. On Tuesday I already make the Fish sync with Top via the ad-hoc
network. The Top's chrony is just a source of the Fish's chrony.


02/10/2024
======
1. Use setExactAndAllowWhileIdle(), not sure it will fire the Alarm at
exact time. The loadConfigParams() should be optimized (right now
there is redundency). DebuggLogger is in place.

02/11/2024
======
1. Using setExactAndAllowWhileIdle(), I set the Slogger to start at
3:00am and end at 6:00am and put the watch on my desk. I checked the
log this morning, the StateReceiver got notified at exactly 3:00am and
6:00am. However, the heartrate log file is empty, which means the
heart rate sensor was not working (as expected), and the accel log
files indicated large spare time intervals in which no accel data was
recorded. When I checked the accel log, I found there was a huge
timestamp gaps (about 30 minutes) in one file one log entry and its
next entry.

2. Finished the first version of GeoSketch (v1.0). Thie version we can
draw simple quadratic bezier curve and generate corresponding
Asymptote code. It's pretty nice. We still need to implement the
'Selection', 'reflection', 'move' functionalities. Basically, if we
move a point, the curve should adjust itself. We can select a group of
three points and generate a bezier curve. Basically, it's good if we
can have functionalities ready to draw the bunny for AMC8 2024 P13.

3. Paid $20 to upgrade chat-gpt.

4. For Top to send sync message to the Fish, the escape_data()
function might not be needed. Need to work and investigate tonight.

5. Tests showed that 'setExact()' just didn't work. I configured the
Slogger to start at 17:00 and to end at 19:30, and it turned out that
it started at 17:17 and stopped the moment when I checked the watch
(before I went to check the watch, it was left on the desk).

02/12/2024
======
1. I have a Pixel 2 watch sitting on my desk overnight and this
morning I weared it around 8:00 all the time till 9:30. I took it off
at 9:30 and put it on desk again. I forgot what times I configured it
for the start/end time. I will wait till the the logging was done. I
again weared the watch at 10:40.
2. Bought 5 books of the Computers & Typesetting set. Found this
interesting website: https://shreevatsa.net/tex/program
3. Test Pixel one to see how many hours it can log continously. At
18:07pm, I configured the Pixel two watch to start on 23:59 tonight
and end at tomorrow 23:59pm. We want to check at 23:59 tonight to see
how much battery got consumed. We also want to know how many hours can
it log continously.
4. The Pixel one watch died at 21:20. I believe I started logging at
about 11:10. So I guess it had been logging for 10 hours with 95%
battery. I checked the Pixel two watch at 21:25, and the battery was
still 98%. This meant that it didn't consume much battery since
18:07. 
